Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
How do you think
the world will end?
If you knew the end
of the world was here.
would you be at home
with your family
in the only safe place you know?
Or thought you knew?
Or if the real enemy is
within the human heart.
your own heart.
Come on Crystal. really?
Baby girl. come on.
How come you not using
the one next to your room?
The toilet
is stopped up again. Dad.
Oh. know what?
Come on!
When I win this lottery.
Is it that time of
the month again?
Shit.
Oh!
Man.
Man. it's like.
nobody cut the same.
Today your lucky day.
Junior!
Sleeping on the goddamn job.
For when you awake.
Get your lazy sorry ass up.
What do you want from me?
I want you to stop lying.
Boy. didn't I tell you to put
my barbecue grill together?
Yeah.
Then why you tell me
you did when you didn't?
See.
No!
- No!
- Yeah.
No!
Didn't know you
could move that fast.
Man. Dad. do you know how long
it takes me to
upload this stuff?
You know how long
it would take you
to build my grill.
You know what. Junior?
You don't finish shit you start.
Look man.
It's your grill.
You know what?
I pay the bills around
this place. Junior.
That's my food you eat.
My electricity you wasting.
That's my toilet you shit in.
but you can't do one
thing I ask you to do.
It's jackpot Sunday.
I'm cueing.
I want my goddamn grill built.
Or what?
Don't you tempt me.
Don't tempt me.
Don't you temp me.
Don't you tempt me.
And stop
slamming my doors.
Who's that?
Oh. uh. well. that's just
my brother's wife. Lupe.
We're supposed to
get together today
to start planning
for her baby shower.
For lunch.
Who be off they
goddamn mind banging
on my door this
time of the morning?
Good morning. sir.
Didn't they pass
a law banning y'all
from preaching door to door?
Babylon the great has fallen
and on this day when
the moon has darkened
and the stars have
fallen from the sky.
a great panic from the Lord
shall come down upon them.
So that each will
lay hold on the hand
of his fellow
and then every
man's sword shall be
against his brother.
Get off my porch
before I call the police.
You've been warned.
The day of truth is here.
Them your people.
What you doing boy?
Come here boy. what's
wrong with you.
What. you done broke my TV?
Hey. wait a minute. come here.
you gettin' sick?
Nah. just a little
something in my throat.
Dreams are a reflection
of the dreamer's inner world.
Dreaming of death is common
in people experiencing-
- What else is on. Dad?
Uh. nothing.
I'm bored.
Won't you go play outside.
I don't have no
one to play with.
Not yet.
Wait a minute. man. come on.
You got your hands all wrong.
Look. get your hands
on the seams. right?
Get the ball up.
Elbow pointed toward the
rim. right there. ready.
Now push it.
Yeah.
Cross Patch Road. 0933.
33. 33. all units
return to station
immediately. code three.
Barbecued chicken!
I know. right?
Come on. man. we going inside.
Why aren't
you all bouncy today?
I'm just not really
in a bouncy mood.
Oh. really?
- Really.
- Okay.
I just. well. I have something
that I wanna talk to you about
and I need you to be serious.
Um. well. I'm missed my period.
It's jackpot Sunday.
The countdown continues
to the biggest lottery
payout in U.S. history.
One lucky winner will win $1
billion and counting folks.
That's the count to be.
It's Lotto fever
all over the south.
In less than eight hours.
the lucky single ticket
will be announced.
News around the nation.
Good evening.
These pictures over my shoulder
are from Chelyabinsk in Russia.
the same location
that a meteor hit
back in 2013.
The residents are
now experiencing
another phenomenon called
a super charged
electrical rainbow storm.
Yes. you heard me right.
These images
are from the International
Space Station.
This huge system is-
Hi. Mommy.
Well. hey. baby.
News around the nation.
You okay?
- I'm fine.
- A city under attack.
- I'll be fine.
- Okay.
Hello. Ms. McGee.
Hey. Marcos.
Sorry.
How's school?
It's good. thank you.
It's my last year. so.
Hey. Mom?
It's Lotto time.
Did you see the sky outside?
It looks kind of weird.
Must be all the smog outside.
Won't you quit now. sit
down before you fall out.
Hey. baby girl.
Did you make me
any veggie burgers?
Yes.
Awesome.
Hello Mr. McGee.
how you doing?
Where's Evan?
Evan!
He's not feeling good.
he's asleep upstairs.
Did he eat too much?
Nah. he'll be aight.
- Uh-oh.
- Marcus.
Dad. it's Marcos.
Marcos. you eatin' cue?
I love barbecue. Mr. McGee.
Good. sit down.
Make that boy a plate.
We have a lot
of studying to do.
Nonsense.
where is your manners?
Ain't nothing going on around
here except celebrating.
You've said that every
Sunday for the past 10 years.
Yeah. but tonight.
Tonight's my night.
You say
that every Sunday.
This is just like old times.
The McGee family home
for dinner plus one.
It's time.
It's
Jackpot Sunday.
The countdown continues
to the biggest lottery
payout in U.S. history.
One lucky winner will win
$1 billion and counting.
Pops. why do you
hold onto that thing
like it's precious from
"Lord of the Rings."
Better than you
holding onto a job.
You gonna do that
in front of company?
Hello. America.
it's Todd Williams
and today is Jackpot Sunday.
What a week it's been.
It is a world record
breaking $1 billion dollars.
Whoa!
Woo hoo!
Y'all gonna be
asking me for diamonds
and pearls after I win this
money. though. I know that.
I just want the toilet fixed.
Are you ready
for make history?
Here we go.
Evan gonna wake up to his
dad being a billionaire.
Well. I'm ready.
so our first numbers.
ladies and gentlemen are-
What is this?
Come on. you gotta
be kidding me.
Not now.
What. come on. this
can't be a test.
Settle down before
you hurt yourself.
And they better
not be billing me
for this shit. either.
Relax pop.
Look.
It's another one of
those Amber alerts.
Man. it's on every channel.
It's even on my tablet.
This
is not a test.
Repeat. this is not a test
of the Emergency
Broadcast System.
Under executive order 14962.
a national state of
emergency has been declared
by the President of
the United States.
Is this some sort of a joke?
Under article two.
We're missing it.
Martial law has been declared.
Habeas corpus has
been suspended.
Right to a trial by jury?
Gone.
Can they do that?
They just did.
A
mandatory 24-hour curfew
has been issued.
Stay in your homes.
Looters will be shot.
Shot?
We're missing
it again. fix it.
This
is not a test.
Wait.
It's on again.
This is-
Okay.
It was just a power surge.
Yeah. Mr. McGee.
it looks like one
of those brownouts.
Yeah. yeah. let's go.
Okay. now what is this?
It's like some
kind of a virus.
All the lines are frozen.
Okay. what could have happened
that would have made them issue
a nationwide state of emergency?
Terrorist attack.
It's the Illuminati.
Junior!
I'm telling you. look.
population control.
the FEMA coffins.
it's the beginning
of world genocide.
Look. this is a false
flag operation. okay.
"Black Ops" all the way.
Out of chaos comes
new world order.
It's the fourth Reich.
Okay. you know what. stop it.
Just stop it with all
that YouTube conspiracy
theory bullshit. Junior.
I'm sick of it.
Man. why is it bullshit. Pop?
You know what. they
let you post. right?
Yeah.
Okay. then it's bullshit.
Junior!
Boy. you gonna
get yourself shot.
There ain't a nickel
worth of sense
between the three of y'all.
Get back in this house!
Spooky shit. huh?
Dang. you see that?
I got. I gotta go. I love you.
No. no. you promised
you wouldn't leave us.
How's Evans?
I'm worried.
He's resting again. but
he's still got a high temp.
I gave him something to
try and break the fever.
What are you doing?
Where are
the moon and stars?
I don't
know. they there.
Oh. my God.
Glen!
Go back inside.
What happened?
Oh. my God. oh. my God.
oh. my God. he's hurt.
We've gotta get
him to a hospital.
It's coming. it's coming.
What's coming?
It's coming.
Glen!
What?
Is this about the
emergency broadcast?
What broadcast?
You didn't hear?
Yeah. martial law.
Unc. we on lockdown.
the whole country.
I gotta get to Mama and Lupe.
No.
I gotta get to them.
No. let him sit down.
Please.
Glen. please.
That's why they're here.
After all these years.
it's finally here.
Like a thief in the night.
No.
It can't be.
He high again.
You!
Oh. no. no. stop him.
You finally gonna get yours.
You finally gonna get
yours. you're demons.
You servant.
It's coming.
40 days and 40 nights
it's gonna rain on y'all.
You gonna get yours.
You demon.
You a demon.
That's them drugs.
What did you see man?
Anything about a
poisonous attack.
some kind of chemical weapon?
Where'd
you hear that?
Cindy.
She's stationed in Fort Bragg
and before she could get
out. her cell phone died.
Well. what
about the countdown.
anybody know
anything about that.
Y'all see that?
It's coming.
Let's get all
together. get the kids.
- What?
- Come on.
Leave?
We gotta go now.
My family ain't going
nowhere without me.
Come on. in the house right now.
Carmen. now!
Go inside.
What should we do?
Pray.
Glen.
Glen!
In the house now!
Just stay away from the windows.
All right. just stay
away from the windows.
Hey. Junior!
Junior!
What you need. Pop?
Okay. Look man.
I'm a need you not
to be Junior tonight.
What is that supposed to mean?
You know what it mean.
Okay. pray.
I got you.
Okay.
Martial
law has been enacted.
Stay in your home.
Mandatory 24-hour
curfew is in effect.
All we gotta do is sit tight
until this is over.
And what happens when
what's going on gets here?
It ain't gonna never
get here. baby girl.
They always let them burn
down they own neighborhood.
Who is them. Dad?
He means me.
If the shoe fit.
you can wear that
motherfucker all the way home.
Clarence.
Don't Clarence me.
Don't pay him any mind.
You're not going
anywhere. Marcos. okay.
You better not.
Martial
law has been enacted.
Stay in your home.
Mandatory 24-hour curfew.
Mom. what was Uncle
Glen talking about?
I would have to get my Bible.
Here we go with that bullshit.
For you yourselves
know very well
that God's day is coming.
exactly as a thief in the night.
It will be instantly upon them.
just as the pangs of
distress of a pregnant woman.
And they will not escape.
Martial
law has been enacted.
Stay in your homes.
A mandatory 24-hour
curfew is in effect.
Mom. do you think
this is from God?
I think that as
long as we stay inside
and together. we're safe.
That's one thing your
crack head brother got right.
You never could cut
him any slack. could you?
Not when he got his life
together. got married.
bought a home. became
a longshoreman.
Once an addict.
always an addict.
Yeah. and you'd know
about that. wouldn't you.
He didn't have to come by here
and warn us. you know.
He has his own family
to worry about.
That nigga stole my TV.
What happens when
it reaches zero?
How's he doing?
He's burning up.
I think we should
get him to a doctor.
Yeah.
Little man's hot. okay.
come on. let's go.
Oh. there go the Martinezes.
Man. they pack fast.
They got their whole
house on they car.
We'd be leaving.
too. if we were smart.
To where?
I don't know. but
sitting here is just dumb.
We should just go
check on your family
and then head to Uncle Glen's.
Oh. oh.
Mr. Martinez is
getting out his car.
Somebody 'bout to get
cussed out in Spanglish.
We gotta get
him to a hospital.
Where's my keys?
Oh. shit!
Oh. shit. man. they
just shot Mr. Martinez.
Who did?
Whoever he was arguing with.
Shit. no. man. he just
shot him in the head.
Call the police.
Get away from the window.
Get your ass away.
Get out of the car!
Ortiz. get the
fuck outta the car.
They still in there.
Junior.
- What's wrong you?
- Dad!
No. Junior. do you
want that to be us?
Do you want that
to be us out there?
Us.
Come here.
Stay down. stay down.
Get in here.
Get down.
We gotta stay away
from the windows.
We not going anywhere.
What?
Do you hear that?
Mom?
Dad?
Do you hear that?
They're gone.
The helicopters. the sirens.
It's really over?
That's what I'm
talking 'bout. see?
Police got everything
under control.
Now everything'll be
back to normal soon.
Now it's time to find out
the numbers to the jackpot.
I told y'all what today is.
Is that seriously
all you care about?
No.
You know what else I care about?
These ribs.
And this corn.
What if the countdown
was to mark an event?
Yeah. but what kind of event?
Yeah. yeah. the black Watson
and the Latino
Sherlock Holmes now.
is that what this is?
Racist.
I'm black. how
can I be racist.
Duh. by being racist.
No!
Okay.
Okay. I'm not sure
why I did that.
Evan.
Evan was the only
one who ate. right?
Did anybody else
eat anything yet?
I mean. what if
it was in the food
or with the water?
What was in the water?
The poison.
I mean the attack.
The neighbor with the gas mask.
Yeah?
The only way to
carry out a mass attack
would be through the
food or the water.
Everything else would be.
it would be too
limited. you know.
He's right.
It's better than putting cyanide
in the Kool-Aid.
I mean. you can
potentially kill millions
with the right toxins.
He is right.
Daddy?
What are you doing?
Clarence. have
you lost your mind?
You know who doing this?
What are you talking about?
Are you one of them?
If I knew something.
you think I would
be sitting here?
Mom. please stop him.
Clarence. you're
scaring everyone.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Where they going?
They leaving.
Looks like we just
became them. Dad.
Who's out there?
I know for damn sure
you know something
about who's part of this.
Mr. McGee. I'm guessing
like everyone else.
You're a liar.
You know how I know you lying?
'Cause a liar knows
a liar and you lying.
Pop. come on. man.
Marcos doesn't have any
reason to lie. all right.
He's got a full
scholarship to USC
and I mean. he's the
smartest kid on the block.
Yeah. but I know
he know something.
No. let him go.
You've gone too far.
And he better start
telling it right now.
I don't know
anything. dammit. come on.
Dad. listen. please stop.
No. no. no. Marcos
is. I'm pregnant.
What?
Dios mio.
Crystal Marie.
You?
I'll blow your fuckin' head off.
Dad. stop. please.
Stay back.
Dad.
It started off as whispers.
You better start
talking right now.
They call themselves VOTV.
Voices of the Voiceless.
Yeah. I heard of them.
New Age religious hacker group.
These are some pill poppin'.
weed smokin' anarchists
ready to start some shit.
I went to a meeting once.
What? You got
invited to a meeting?
You lucky.
Yeah. they're
like all the rest
of the political hounds
pimpin' the system.
Nah. Mr. McGee. you
got it all twisted.
See. these. these were no suits
shaking down corporate
America for handouts.
These were revolutionaries.
a network of old school hippies
that didn't cut their hair.
Vatos who kept the
lokes and tats.
Crypts and Bloods who never
stopped sagging they hat.
Engineers. chemists.
drug lords. teachers.
The dude standing
outside of Home Depot.
They talked about an event
that would change the world.
I didn't know what
they meant then.
But I think I do now.
So you saying this
countdown is what?
Some kind of death clock?
If anybody could
pull this off.
it would be these guys.
Yeah. I mean they
brought down the CIA site.
held it for like 32 minutes.
It leaked like 10 years
of classified information
all over the web.
Shit.
Now. I don't know. but
I remember they'd
always say one thing.
It's coming.
I'll be back.
Where are you going?
I gotta check on my family.
I can get some answers.
No. no. no. I'm
gonna come with you.
No. you're not.
It's too dangerous
for us out there.
I love you.
I love you. too.
Wait.
Now.
I'll be back. I promise.
Why didn't you wait until
you finished college first
like we talked about?
Why did we bother to
get the fucking pills
if you were just gonna...
Yeah. okay. she's pregnant.
So what.
I think we got bigger
things to worry about. Pop.
like what's gonna happen
in the next 30 minutes.
I would expect that out
of a lame brain like you.
Your future is so bright.
Marcos is a good
buy. I know that.
but you have your whole
life ahead of you.
Do I. Mom?
Hear me out. baby girl.
Life is like a puzzle.
It's played one piece at a time.
Daddy. I get that.
but it's my puzzle.
Okay.
But. some of these pieces.
you only get one chance to play
and how you play them affects
the rest of your life.
Is this what you really want?
I just don't want you to make
the same mistake I did. sweetie.
Mom. I'm not.
I love Marcos.
What you trying to say?
Your mother and I
don't love one another?
It's like a war out there.
I'll take over.
Hi.
So I'm gonna be Uncle Evan?
How did you know that?
Y'all were fighting
and screaming loud.
Shouldn't everyone be happy
you're having a baby?
I promise to share
and show him how to
count to a hundred
and teach him his ABCs.
Well. what if he is a she?
Then I will teach her. too.
I just wanna be a
good uncle. the best.
You'll do fine. I promise.
He's still running a fever.
Dad. it's hot in here.
It's all right man.
just stay laying
down. all right.
I'm gonna take him
upstairs where it's cooler.
I got it. Mom. it's fine.
Okay.
Thanks.
Pops.
What about the
generator you bought?
What generator?
The one from Y2K.
It's brand new. still in
the box. never used it.
Remember back when you believed
in conspiracy theories.
Yeah. but that was different.
How?
Let's go get this
gennie. come on.
Oh. no. no. no. no. I don't
want you going out there.
Somehow we gotta
find out what's going on.
Yeah. Pops is right.
It'll be all right. Mom.
we'll be right back.
You know where it is?
How am I supposed
to know that?
Really?
Shit.
You bought it.
All these boxes
packed up on top
of one another.
I thought I told you to
clean this place out?
Man. this always
turns into something
about me. man.
I was just waiting on you.
Hey. boy. be quiet.
You always poppin'
off at the mouth.
I'm sorry.
What?
You're right.
I've been blaming you
and you've been helping
me out a lot tonight
and I'm really
proud of you. man.
I mean that.
It must be the
end of the world.
See? That's that
bullshit right there.
It's cool. Pop.
Oh. hold up.
Hey. this is a CB radio. right.
We might be able to use this.
Aw. sugar. sugar now.
Pops. you thought
you had swag. huh?
I still got swag.
Maybe it's
up in this corner.
You find anything?
Wow.
What you laughing at?
Nothing. keep looking.
Oh. found it.
Did you know your
sister was pregnant?
Yeah.
We talked.
Y'all talk?
Yeah. I mean.
that's what brothers
and sisters do. Pop.
I told her she should wait.
but she just like you
and mom. hard headed.
I can't move this
thing by myself.
Yeah.
What is this?
Oh. it's a CB.
Stands for citizen's band radio.
you know. like the
truck drivers use.
Oh. okay.
I think I got it.
Ah. yeah. still works.
So how far can you
reach out to people on it?
Not that far.
It's got 40 channels. though.
Hello. hello. hello.
Is anybody out there?
Anybody hear me?
Wait. that is not
how the truckers do it.
Let me show you.
Breaker. breaker 1-9er.
This is Little Mama
speaking. do you copy?
Is anybody out there?
Shit. Pop.
- You hear that?
- Yeah.
Okay. you guys stay together.
Junior. don't you leave them.
Oh. my God. Evan.
I got it. go. I got it.
Come on!
What do you want?
Evan!
Get the gun.
Who are you?
Talk.
I can't talk.
The grave has fallen.
When the moon has darkened.
A great panic from the Lord
shall come down on them.
There'll be no escape.
What did he say?
He said he was free.
Get some towels. Junior.
Get some towels.
Daddy?
Dad. what's wrong?
Junior.
Here.
Junior. really. you
brought the white ones.
Man. and I thought you told me
you barricaded the back door.
I mean. I did.
Then why was it
left wide open?
Man. I take back everything
good I said about you.
Man. I don't know you
didn't fuckin' mean it anyway.
When you gonna
grow up and be a man?
You move.
Mom!
Dad.
stop it. please.
Calm down.
Junior!
Calm down. please.
Was it all bad?
Do you
want the truth?
Or the lie?
The lie.
We're living a lie.
How about the
truth for a change.
Okay. the truth.
It's been hell every minute.
How the hell can you say that?
Man. I gave you everything.
Everything you wanted to give.
None of it was about me.
You worked. you sweated.
but it was all for you. all you.
Okay. well. well now
I want that to change.
The start of the
great tribulation
and now you wanna change.
It's never too late to change.
Who fed you that lie?
But the strange
thing about a lie?
It always finds a way of
turning into the truth.
One way or another. it's over.
What?
Was that a lie?
No.
But it was a long. long time ago
when you and I were
different people.
I love you. Carmen.
And you and my kids.
They're adults
now. except for Evan.
My family.
You mean more than anything
in the world to me right now.
Especially now. especially
now. especially now.
You have to lose everything
in order to feel alive?
You're sicker than I thought.
You haven't cared about
your family for 25 years.
That's not true.
Evan is the only one
that you ever showed.
What about Evan?
Evan was the only one
you ever showed that
you cared about.
The rest of us you just starved
until we withered away.
Breaker. breaker
this is Lone Wolf.
You copy Little Mama?
Breaker. breaker Lone Wolf.
this is Little
Mama. do you copy?
Let me see. let me see.
What's your 20?
What are those?
It's CB code.
I'm trapped on
the Vincent Thomas bridge
in a greasy side-up in this
goddamn chicken choker.
What's he saying?
He flipped over on his side
and he was hauling chickens.
I got hit by
a cowboy's Cadillac
after he ran over
an organ donor.
I got hit by a pickup truck
that ran over a motorcyclist.
Wait. are you for real?
Copy that. Lone Wolf.
Are you okay?
Knee's all busted up.
I'm not going
anyway anytime soon.
Sure could use
some cactus juice.
Cactus juice.
cactus juice. liquor.
How you
holding up. Little Mama?
We're holding. just me
and my family. scared.
Ask him does he know
anything about an attack.
Please. Lone Wolf. I
mean is there anything
you can tell us about
what's going on. something?
All I know
is I haven't slept
or eaten in two days trying
to stay in front of it.
Two days. I drove like the wind.
In front of what. Lone Wolf?
The fever.
That's what I used to
call it back in Nam.
People caught up.
swept into a frenzy
of killed or be killed.
God used it many
times in the past
to destroy his enemies.
Confusing them until
they killed themselves.
Somewhere out there.
a spark was lit
and it started a fire
in the hearts of man.
a fever not of the
body. but the mind.
For two days I stayed in
front of death's door.
but now it's here knocking.
just like I dreamed.
Are you in trouble. Lone Wolf.
Aren't we
all Little Mama.
I'm Crystal.
I'm Rick.
Nice meeting you. little lady.
The button pushers are here.
Troublemakers.
You get out of there
now. Rick. do you hear me?
Get out now Lone Wolf.
Adios. Little Mama.
Rick!
He's only 15
minutes away from us.
Oh. Evan. oh. my God.
Your fever's broken.
Who you waving to. sweetie.
Mom. who is that?
Oh. my God.
Oh. come on sweetie.
Who the hell is that?
Carmen?
Detective Jonathan
Little. LAPD.
may I please come in.
Thank you. sir.
So why
are you here Detective
and what's going on out there?
I wish I had more
information for you.
But I'll tell you what I know.
Crystal. sweetie.
could you take Evan
to the other room. thanks.
About six hours ago
before we lost control
of the airwaves.
a code three was sent out.
It was from a secure line
from Homeland Security.
It stated that 15 cities
from around the world
for the past 30 days have
been systematically poisoned.
How?
The water. the air we breathe.
the food that we eat.
Marcos was right.
L.A. was on top of
that list. I'm sorry.
Somehow that cable got hacked
and leaked onto the internet
and it was run on the banks.
Rumors became fact.
This is the end.
And we lost control.
So why are you here?
Junior. Crystal. can I speak
with your parents in private.
How do you know my
kids' names. Detective?
It's a DNA test.
It was taken six years ago.
I know it's hard.
but I have to see my son.
I never wanted this.
She's telling you the
truth when she says that.
I wanted her to leave
your ass six years ago.
We love each other.
But she wanted to
stick it out for you.
she said for the
sake of the family.
Took a whole lot of
convincing for me
not to come here before now.
But when you got a piece
of you that's out there.
you gonna see it through.
I thought maybe I wasn't making
the right decision
coming here before now.
but living a whole life of
lies makes you wanna do right
and there wasn't a day
in the past six years
I didn't wake up regretting
making that decision.
Sure is funny
how lies turn into
the truth. huh. Carmen?
It's hurts being
lied to. doesn't it?
You let me believe
that he was mine
for six fuckin' years?
For six fuckin' years.
Who was it for. Carmen?
You deserve to know the truth.
Get your fuckin' hands off me.
Was it for you or was it for me?
Who was it for?
Get away from me.
I wanna see my son.
You come in my
fuckin' house tell me
we all gonna die so
you can take my son.
He ain't your son. Clarence.
Six years I've driven
past this house
hoping to get a
glimpse of my son.
I'm gonna be the one to teach
him how to play basketball.
not your ass.
If this is all the time
I have with my son.
I'm gonna spend it with
him right the fuck now.
You think 'cause
you lay a little seed.
that make you a father.
Get the fuck outta my way.
Don't deny Evan
what you never had.
You
shut the fuck up.
Clarence. let the
boy see his father.
Thank you.
Where you going?
I have to be there
when he tells him.
Dad. listen.
We all knew. but we love you.
we don't wanna hurt you.
We just didn't wanna hurt you.
Okay.
You. too?
It'll be okay.
Sit down. Dad.
Daddy. it's okay.
Dad. please. stop.
It's okay. Dad.
Daddy. calm down please.
you're scaring me.
Okay. okay.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm okay.
Okay.
Daddy.
Daddy. no.
Dad!
Mom!
You get your hands
off my wife and my kid.
Clarence.
Put the fuckin' gun down.
This is my house.
This is my wife and it's my son.
He ain't your son.
Please. please. don't do this.
don't let this happen this way.
Clarence. I'm sorry.
Please. don't do this.
put the gun down.
Daddy.
please stop it.
Know what?
Hopes and dreams are
built on three words.
I love you.
You betrayed me.
All of y'all
betrayed me.
Put the fuckin' gun down now.
Dad. please. stop.
Come here.
Come here little man. come on.
Come on.
Come to your dad.
Come of your daddy. come.
No.
No. this is just how I dreamed.
This is not happening.
- No!
Mom!
Babe!
Evan!
Motherfucker!
You can't have my family.
I'm sorry. baby.
No.
I'm sorry. Junior!
Evan.
No matter what people say.
no matter what you hear.
I will always be your father.
I love you. Dad.
I know. man.
I want you to remember
something. okay?
The only thing you have
in this world is family.
Mr. McGee! Mr. McGee!
We are you
and everyday we walk
as ghosts amongst you.
And a
reasonable majority.
We are the
tick and the tock.
We are you.
It is here.
this is not the end.
But the
end of the beginning.
Join us.
We are the
Voices of the Voiceless.
Seven.
Number two is 24.
And the third number 1-5. 15.
Here we go fourth
number drawn. two
and the fifth and
final number. 11.
And here we are.
the record breaking
last bonus number. 44.
Congratulations. we
go at new billionaire.
Evan. I won.
I won.
You know what to do
that with that. right?
Dad. where are you going?
Mr. McGee. it's all over with.
There's no poison attack.
it's all a big lie.
Mr. McGee.
No. no. no. no.
No. no. God. please. no.
I should have never
have left you.
I'm sorry. I'm here. hey.
Baby.
No.
No!
What'd you fucking do!
Don't go out there.
we're still under martial law.
There's police soldiers
everywhere. Mr. McGee.
Mr. McGee.
Daddy.
Baby. you're alive.
Mr. McGee. she's alive.
Mr. McGee!
Martial
law has been enacted.
Stay in your homes.
A mandatory 24-hour
curfew is in effect.
Martial law has been enacted.
Stay in your homes.
A mandatory 24-hour
curfew is in effect.
Martial law has been enacted.
Stay in your home.
A mandatory 24-hour
curfew is in effect.
It's just like I dreamed.
Just like I dreamed.
Hey. you.
drop your weapon.
Drop your weapon or
we will open fire.
Hands up. hands up.
One lucky winner
will win $1 billion
and counting.
That's the count.
It's Lotto fever
all over the south.
Good morning. sir.
Would you be interested
in the latest "Watchtower"
and "Awake" magazine?
We have a special message
we are sharing
with our neighbors.
Yeah. come on in.
Carmen. this is....